 (e) Tenant hereby agrees to indemnify Landlord, and
hold Landlord free, clear, and harmless, from any and all losses,
costs, damages, claims, liability, lawsuits, causes of action and
expenses whatsoever, including without limitation (1) any loss of,
or damage to, any real or personal property of Landlord, and (2)
any damage to property (by whomsoever owned), or any injury to, or
death of, any persons whomsoever arising from or in connection with
this Lease, Tenant's agent's employees, guests, licensees and/or
invitees.  Failure to reimburse Landlord for any such loss within
ten (10) days after receipt by Tenant of Landlord's notice thereof
shall constitute a default hereunder.
 12. (a) Tenant agrees not to use or suffer or permit
the leased premises or any part thereof to be occupied by anyone
other than Tenant(s), guests and invitees or used for any purpose
other than as a residence, and further agrees: (i) not to use or
suffer the leased premises to be used for any purpose or use in
violation of any law, ordinance, or regulation of any governmental
authority, or in any manner that will constitute waste or nuisance
or which may disturb the quiet enjoyment of any other tenant or of
any adjoining or neighboring property, (ii) not to do, suffer, or
permit any act to be done which will increase the existing rate of
insurance upon the leased premises, or any part thereof; (iii) not
to keep or suffer or permit to be kept upon said leased premises
any article which may be prohibited to be kept by the standard form
of fire insurance policy.


C-FORMS
D-013
020893  7
