furnish Landlord with a current certificate of worker's
compensation coverage evidencing coverage at Nevada statutory
limits.

	13.4 Tenant shall not use or occupy, or permit the Premises to
be used or occupied, in a manner which will make void any insurance
then in force or increase the rates of fire or any other insurance
on the Premises. If by reason of the failure of Tenant to comply
with the provisions of this Section, the fire or any other
insurance rates of the Premises are increased, Tenant shall
reimburse Landlord, as additional rent, on the first day of the
calendar month next succeeding notice by Landlord to Tenant of said
increase, for that part of all insurance premiums thereafter paid
by Landlord which shall have been charged because of such failure
of Tenant.

	13.5 Tenant hereby waives any and all rights of recovery from
Landlord, its officers, agents and employees for any loss or
damage, including consequential loss or damage, caused by any peril
or perils (including negligent acts) that are caused by or result 
from risks insured against under any form of insurance policy
required to be maintained by Tenant hereunder.

	13.6 Each policy of insurance provided for in this Section 13
shall contain an express waiver of any and all rights of
subrogation thereunder whatsoever against Landlord, its officers,
agents and employees.  All such policies shall be written as primary
policies and not contributing with or in excess of the coverage, if 
any, which Landlord may carry. Any other provision contained in
this Section 13 or elsewhere in this Lease notwithstanding, the
amounts of all insurance required hereunder to be paid by Tenant
shall be not less than an amount sufficient to prevent Landlord
from becoming a co-insurer. The limits of the public liability
insurance required to be maintained by Tenant under this Lease
shall in no way limit or diminish Tenant's liability under Section
15 hereof and such limits shall be subject to increase at any time
and from time to time during the Term if Landlord, in the exercise
of reasonable discretion, deems such an increase necessary for its 
adequate protection; provided, however, Landlord may not exercise
its right under this sentence more frequently than one time every
two (2) Term Years.

                        SECTION 14.
                   DESTRUCTION OF PREMISES

	14.1 In the case of the total destruction of the Premises, or
any portion thereof or of the Hotel substantially interfering with
Tenant's use of the Premises, not caused by the fault or negligence
of Tenant, its agents, employees, servants, contractors,
subtenants, licensees, customers or business invitees
("Destruction"), this Lease shall terminate except as herein



                               16
