receiver or trustee to take possession of Tenant or of all or
substantially all of the assets of Tenant, or there is a general
assignment by Tenant for the benefit of creditors, or any action is
taken by or against Tenant under any state of federal insolvency or
bankruptcy act, or any similar law now or hereafter in effect; or

	(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
above, if Tenant shall breach any covenant hereof, or do or permit,
or omit to do, any act or thing, which results in a nuisance or an
offensive or illegal condition, or which causes or threatens
serious damage or injury to life, limb or property, or in the event
of a breach of Sections 3.4, 13.1, 13.2, 17.1 or 18.1, then and in
any such event, Tenant shall be automatically in default of this
Lease, without any requirement of notice from Landlord, unless
Landlord waives such default, in writing, in Landlord's sole
discretion.

	23.2 In the event of a default, in addition to any other
rights or remedies provided for herein or at law or in equity,
Landlord, at its sole option, shall have the following rights:

	(a) The right to declare the term of this Lease ended
and to re-enter the Premises and take possession thereof, and to
terminate all of the rights of Tenant in and to the Premises;

	(b) The right, without declaring the term of this Lease
ended, to re-enter the Premises and to occupy and/or relet the
same, or any portion thereof, for and on account of Tenant,
applying any monies received first to the payments of such expenses
as Landlord may have incurred in recovering possession of the 
Premises, including without limitation, costs and attorneys' fees,
and then to the fulfillment of the covenants of Tenant. Landlord
may enter into any lease concerning the Premises either in
Landlord's name or in the name of Tenant, or assume Tenant's
interest in and to any existing subleases of the Premises, as
Landlord may see fit, and Tenant shall have no right whatsoever to
collect any rent from such tenants or subtenants. In any case,
Tenant, until the end of what would have been the term of the
Lease, shall remain liable to Landlord for the Monthly Minimum Rent
hereunder, less the net proceeds for said month, if any, of any
reletting, after deducting all of Landlord's expenses in connection
with such reletting, together with interest thereon at the rate of
twelve percent (12%) per annum, compounded monthly.  Landlord
reserves the right to bring such actions for the recovery of any
deficits remaining unpaid by Tenant to Landlord hereunder as
Landlord may deem advisable from time to time without being
obligated to await the end of the term hereof or a final
determination of Tenant's account and the commencement or
maintenance of one or more actions by Landlord in this connection
shall not bar Landlord from bringing any subsequent actions for 
further accruals pursuant hereto; or


22
