other payment hereunder by Landlord shall not be construed to be a
waiver of any preceding breach of this Lease by Tenant. No payment
by Tenant or receipt by Landlord of a lesser amount than the rent
herein provided shall be deemed to be other than on account of the
earliest rent due and payable hereunder.

                              SECTION 24.
                            MISCELLANEOUS

	24.1 Tenant, upon paying the rentals and other payments herein
required and upon performance of all of the terms, covenants and
conditions of this Lease on its part to be kept, may quietly have,
hold and enjoy the Premises during the term of this Lease without
any disturbance from Landlord or from any other person claiming
through Landlord, except as expressly provided otherwise in this
Lease.

	24.2 In the event of any sale or exchange of the Premises by
Landlord, Landlord shall be, and is, hereby relieved of all 
liability under and all of its covenants and obligations contained
in or derived from this Lease.  Tenant agrees to attorn to such
purchaser or transferee. Any sale of the Hotel or the Premises by 
Landlord shall be subject to this Lease.

	24.3 It is agreed that in the event Landlord fails or refuses
to perform any of the provisions, covenants or conditions of this
Lease, Tenant, prior to exercising any right or remedy Tenant may
have against Landlord, shall give written notice to Landlord of
such default, specifying in said notice the default with which
Landlord is charged and Landlord shall not be deemed in default if
the same is cured within twenty (20) days of receipt of said
notice. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, Tenant agrees
that if the default is of such a nature that the same can be
rectified or cured by Landlord, but cannot with reasonable
diligence be rectified or cured within said twenty (20) day period,
then such default shall be deemed to be rectified or cured if
Landlord within said twenty (20) day period shall commence the 
rectification and curing thereof and shall continue thereafter with
all due diligence to cause such rectification and curing to
proceed.

	24.4 Neither party shall be in breach of this Lease if it
fails to perform as required hereunder due to labor disputes, civil
commotion, war, warlike operation, sabotage, governmental
regulations or control, fire or other casualty, inability to obtain
any materials, or other causes beyond such party's reasonable
control (financial inability excepted); provided, however, that
nothing contained herein shall excuse Tenant from the prompt
payment of any rent or charge required of Tenant hereunder.

	24.5 Any and all notices and demands required or desired to be


                                24
