approximately the same dimensions as the original Leased Property
and shall be exposed to reasonably equivalent pedestrian traffic.
Landlord shall notify Tenant of such relocation not less than
thirty (30) days prior to the date thereof.  Landlord shall
reconstruct on the relocated Leased Property improvements
substantially similar to those constructed at the original Leased
Property.  Landlord shall pay the reasonable cost of moving and
reinstalling Tenant's trade fixtures and personalty in the
relocated Leased Property.  As of the latter of the date specified
in Landlord's notice to Tenant or ten (10) days after Landlord has
notified Tenant that it has completed the improvements to be
constructed by Landlord on the relocated Leased Property the
relocated Leased Property shall be deemed the Leased Property
hereunder as fully as if said relocated Leased Property were
originally described herein as the Leased Property.  Tenant agrees
that promptly, on demand, it shall execute an amendment to Exhibit
A designating the location of the relocated Leased Property.
 1.03.  Landlord may, in connection with any remodeling of all
or any portion of the Hotel change the dimensions or reduce the
size of the Leased Property; provided, however, that if a reduction
in size of the Leased Property would reduce the Leased Property to
less than two-thirds (2/3) of its original size and if as a result
thereof the remaining portion of the Leased Property is not
suitable for the purpose for which Tenant has leased said premises,
Tenant may terminate this Lease by written notice to Landlord given
within thirty (30) days after Landlord notifies Tenant of


C-FORMS/D-1
091289  2
