hereunder, or which may be necessary to comply with any laws,
ordinances, rules, regulations or requirements of any public
authority or any applicable standards that may, from time to time,
be established by the Insurance Services Office or any similar
body, or which Landlord may deem necessary or appropriate to
prevent waste, loss, damage or deterioration to or in connection
with the Leased Property or any other portion of the Hotel or for
any other lawful purpose.  Landlord shall have the right to use any
means which Landlord may deem proper to open all doors in the
Leased Property in an emergency.  Entry into the Leased Property
obtained by Landlord by any such means shall not be deemed to be
forcible or unlawful entry into, or a detainer of, the Leased
Property, or an eviction of Tenant from the Leased Property or any
portion thereof.  Nothing contained herein shall impose or be
deemed to impose any duty on the part of Landlord to do any work or
repair, maintenance, reconstruction or restoration, which under any
provision of this Lease is required to be done by Tenant; and the
performance thereof by Landlord shall not constitute a waiver of
Tenant's default in failing to do the same.
 22.02.  Landlord may, during the progress of any work on the
Leased Property, keep and store upon the Leased Property all
necessary materials, tools and equipment.  Landlord shall not in 
any event be liable for inconvenience, annoyance, disturbance, loss
of business or quiet enjoyment, or other damage or loss to Tenant
by reason of making any such repairs or performing any such work
upon the Leased Property, or on account of bringing materials,


C-FORMS/D-1
091289  42
