"" or "" or
"" to any other person at any time.
 7.02.  Tenant shall not, without the prior written consent of
Landlord and all insurance companies which have issued any
insurance of any kind whatsoever with respect to the Hotel or the
Leased Property, sell, or suffer to be kept, used or sold in, upon
or about the Leased Property any gasoline, distillate or other
petroleum products or any other substance or material of an
explosive, inflammable or radiological nature, in such quantities
as may be prohibited by any such insurance policy, or which may
endanger any part of the Hotel or its occupants, business patrons
or invitees.
 7.03.  Tenant shall not, without Landlord's prior written
approval, operate or permit to be operated on the Leased Property
any coin or token operated vending machines or similar device for
the sale or leasing to the public of any goods, wares, merchandise,
food, beverages, and/or service, including, without limitation, pay
telephones, pay lockers, pay toilets, scales and amusement devices.
 7.04.  Tenant shall refrain from using or permitting the use
of the Leased Property or any portion thereof as living quarters,
sleeping quarters or lodging rooms.
 7.05.  Tenant shall refrain from using or permiting the use of
the Leased Property or any portion thereof for office, clerical or
other nonselling purposes, except space in the Leased Property may
be used for such purposes to such extent as is reasonably required
for the conduct of Tenant's business thereon.


C-FORMS/D-1
091289  15
