or about the Leased Property.  Landlord may, from time to time,
prescribe reasonable rules and regulations for implementation of
this section.
 9.03.  Landlord shall not be obligated to perform any service
or to repair or maintain any structure or facility except as
provided in this Section.  Landlord shall not furnish telephone
facilities or service except as may be provided in Exhibit C.
Landlord shall not be responsible for light bulb or ballast
replacement.  Landlord shall not be obligated to provide any
service or maintenance or to make any repairs pursuant to this
Section when such service, maintenance or repair is made necessary
because of the negligence or misuse of Tenant, Tenant's agents,
employees, servants, contractors, subtenants, licensees, customers
or business invitees.  Landlord reserves the right to stop any
service when Landlord deems such stoppage necessary, whether by
reason of accident or emergency, or for repairs or improvements or
otherwise.  Landlord shall not be liable under any circumstances
for loss or injury however occurring through or in connection with
or incident to any stoppage of such services.  Landlord shall have
no responsibility or liability for failure to supply any services
or maintenance or to make any repairs when prevented from doing so
by any cause beyond Landlord's control.  Landlord shall not be
obligated to inspect the premises and shall not be obligated to
make any repairs or perform any maintenance hereunder unless first
notified of the need thereof in writing by Tenant.


Forms D-4
120685-1

21
