obtaining the appropriate data necessary for computing such
increase, give Tenant notice of any adjusted basic rent so
determined, and Landlord's computation thereof shall be conclusive
and binding, but shall not preclude any adjustment which may be
required in the event of a published amendment of the index figures
upon which the computation was based, unless Tenant shall, within
thirty (30) days after the giving of such notice, notify Landlord
in writing of any claimed error therein.
 3.04.  The adjusted basic rent shall be due and payable for
each month commencing with the first month of the second year of
this Lease.  However, pending the determination of the adjusted
basic rent, Tenant shall continue to pay basic rent in the same
amount as the basic rent required for the preceding lease year.
When the adjusted basic rent has been determined, Tenant,
concurrently with the next monthly basic rent payment due and
payable after the furnishing by Landlord to Tenant of the
computation of the adjusted basic rent, in addition to the adjusted
basic rent for such month, shall pay to Landlord a sum equal to the
amount of the increase in the basic rent due for each of the
previous months in the lease year.
 3.05.  If at the time required for the determination of the
adjusted basic rent, the Consumer Price Index above mentioned is no
longer published or issued, the parties shall use such index as is
then generally recognized and accepted for similar determinations
of purchasing power.


Forms D-4
120685-1
6
