portion of the Leased Property in accordance with the provisions of
subparagraph (b) of this Section, to thereafter at any time elect
to terminate this Lease for such previous default on the part of
Tenant, and to terminate all of the rights of Tenant in and to the
Leased Property.
 24.03.  Pursuant to the rights of reentry provided above,
Landlord may remove all persons from the Leased Property and may,
but shall not be obligated to, remove all property therefrom, and
may, but shall not be obligated to, enforce any rights Landlord may
have against said property or store the same in any public or
private warehouse or elsewhere at the cost and for the account of
Tenant or the owner or owners thereof.  Tenant agrees to hold
Landlord free and harmless of any liability whatsoever for the
removal and/or storage of any such property, whether of Tenant or
any third party whomsoever.  Anything contained herein to the
contrary notwithstanding, Landlord shall not be deemed to have
terminated this Lease or the liability of Tenant to pay any rent or
other sum  of money thereafter to accrue hereunder, or Tenant's
liability for damages under any of the provisions hereof, by any
such reentry, or by any action in unlawful detainer or otherwise to
obtain possession of the Leased Property, unless Landlord shall
have specifically, with reference to this Section, notified Tenant 
in writing that it has so elected to terminate this Lease.  Tenant
covenants and agrees that the service by Landlord of any notice
pursuant to the unlawful detainer statutes of the State of Nevada


Forms D-4
120685-1
53
