coffee cart services, milk, soft drinks or other like services on
the Leased Property, except from persons authorized by Landlord and
at the hours and under regulations fixed by Landlord.
 7.04.  Landlord may charge Tenant a reasonable amount for air
conditioning and heating provided outside normal business hours or
in excess of normal use, as determined in Landlord's sole
discretion.  Before installing any equipment in the Leased Property
that generates more than a minimum amount of heat, Tenant shall
obtain the written permission of Landlord and Landlord may refuse
to grant such permission if, in the reasonable opinion of Landlord,
the amount of heat generated would place an undue burden on the air
conditioning system of the building of which the Leased Property is
a part.  Without limiting the foregoing, whenever heat generating
machines or equipment are used in the Leased Property which affect
the temperature otherwise maintained by the air conditioning
system, Landlord reserves the right to install supplementary air
conditioning units therein and the cost thereof, including
installation and maintenance costs, shall be paid by Tenant upon
demand.
 7.05.  Tenant shall not obstruct, alter or in any way impair
the efficient operation of Landlord's heating, ventilating and air
conditioning system.  Tenant shall not tamper with or change the
setting of any thermostats or temperature control valves.
 7.06.  Tenant shall not without the written consent of
Landlord operate any computer, data processing machine, punchcard


Forms D-4
120685-1
12
