not give any married Participant the opportunity to waive the
preretirement survivor annuity.
 A Participant's waiver election of the preretirement survivor
annuity is not valid unless (a) the Participant makes the waiver
election no earlier than the first day of the Plan Year in which he
attains age thirty-five (35) and (b) after December 31, 1984, the
Participant's spouse (to whom the preretirement survivor annuity is
payable) satisfies the consent requirements described in Section
6.05.  The spouse's consent to a waiver of the preretirement 
survivor annuity is irrevocable unless the Participant revokes the
waiver election.  Irrespective of the time of election requirement
described in (a), if the Participant separates from Service prior
to the first day of the Plan Year in which he attains age thirty-
five (35), the Plan Administrator may accept a waiver election as
respects the Participant's Accrued Benefit attributable to his
Service prior to his separation from Service.
 6.07.  DISTRIBUTIONS UNDER DOMESTIC RELATIONS ORDERS.
Nothing contained in this Plan shall prevent the Trustee, in
accordance with the direction of the Advisory Committee, from
complying with the provisions of a qualified domestic relations
order (as defined in Code 414(p)).
 The Plan Administrator shall establish reasonable procedures
to determine the qualified status of a domestic relations order.
Upon receiving a domestic relations order, the Plan Administrator
promptly shall notify the Participant and any alternate payee named


C-FORMS
H-006
072889  16
