Committee shall not credit more than five hundred one (501) Hours
of Service under this paragraph (c) to an Employee on account of
any single continuous period during which the Employee does not
perform any duties (whether or not such period occurs during a
single Plan Year).  The Advisory Committee shall credit Hours of
Service under this paragraph (c) in accordance with the rules of
paragraphs (b) and (c) of Labor Reg.  2530.200b-2, which the Plan,
by this reference, specifically incorporates in full within
paragraph (c).
 The Advisory Committee shall not credit an Hour of Service
under more than one (1) of the above paragraphs.  Furthermore, if
the Advisory Committee is to credit Hours of Service to an Employee
for the twelve (12) month period beginning with the Employee's
Employment Commencement Date or with an anniversary of such date,
then the twelve (12) month period shall be substituted for the term
"Plan Year" wherever the latter term appears in this Section 1.26.
The Advisory Committee shall resolve any ambiguity with respect to
the crediting of an Hour of Service in favor of the Employee.
 The Advisory Committee shall credit Hours of Service on the
basis of the actual method.  For purposes of the Plan, "actual"
method means the determination of Hours of Service from records of
hours worked and hours for which the Employer makes payment or for
which payment is due from the Employer.  Furthermore, the Advisory
Committee shall credit Hours of Service the Employee completes for
members of the related groups described in the first paragraph of


C-FORMS
H-001
072889  8
