to compensate Lessor for all the detriment proximately
caused by Lessee's breach hereof. As used herein, the
term "time of award" shall mean either the date upon
which Lessee pays to Lessor the amount recoverable by
Lessor as hereinabove set forth or the date of entry of
any determination, order or judgment of any court, other
legally constituted body, or any arbitrator(s),
determining the amount recoverable, whichever first
occurs.  Any claim for damages pursuant to the foregoing
provisions shall be immediately enforceable by the Lessor
against Lessee by suit and shall be provable in any
bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding involving Lessee.
 (d)  If, at any time during the term of this Lease,
this Lease is owned by more than one person as Lessee,
the doing or suffering to be done of any acts specified
in clause (c) of Section 18.1 above by any one or more
such persons, if such person or persons own fifty-one
percent (51%) or more of Lessee, or of any managing
partner or general partner of Lessee shall be deemed to
be a breach of this Lease.  Except as provided in the
preceding sentence, for the purpose of clause (c) of
Section 18.1 above, reference to Lessee shall be deemed
to be the entity holding title to this Lease and not to
any partner, beneficiary or other person interested in
such entity.
 (e)  If upon the filing of any involuntary petition


DCW/C-FORM
082889/016  56
