to receive any part thereof;  and
 (iv)  that any Leasehold Mortgage shall provide that,
prior to the institution of any proceedings to foreclose any such
Leasehold Mortgage or negotiations to accept an assignment in lieu
of the foreclosure of any such Leasehold Mortgage, the Leasehold
Mortgagee shall notify Lessor in writing to that effect, and Lessor
shall have the right (but not the obligation) within sixty (60)
days after the giving of such notice to purchase the Leasehold
Mortgage and the indebtedness which it secures at a purchase price
equal to the full amount then owing to the Leasehold Mortgage under
said Leasehold Mortgage, including interest accrued and unpaid, the
reasonable fees of the attorneys for the Leasehold Mortgage, and
statutory costs and allowances if any foreclosure proceedings shall
have commenced.
 Section 17.3.  If a Leasehold Mortgagee shall have served on
Lessor, by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested,
before any default shall have occurred under this Lease, a true
copy of such Leasehold Mortgage and a written notice specifying the
name and address of such Leasehold Mortgagee, Lessor shall give to
such Leasehold Mortgagee a copy of each notice of default by Lessee
at the same time as and whenever such notice of default shall
thereafter be given by Lessor to Lessee at the address last
furnished by such Leasehold Mortgagee to Lessor.  After Lessor
shall have received such notice by a Leasehold Mortgagee, no notice
thereafter given by Lessor to Lessee shall be deemed to have been
given to such Leasehold Mortgagee.  Lessor shall accept performance


DCW/C-FORM
082889/016  42
