counted more than once as income or deducted more than once as
an expense.  Any percentage rent which becomes due hereunder
shall be payable annually not later than March 31 of the
following year or not later than ninety (90) days after the 
termination date of this Lease if this Lease terminates on a
day other than December 31, with a credit to Lessee for the
Base Rent already paid for such year (or partial year).  If
the term of this Lease commences on a day other than the first
day of January or if the terms of this Lease ends on a day
other than the last day of December, Gross Rental Income (and
hence Percentage Rent) shall be apportioned accordingly.  On
or before March 31st of each year, or not later than ninety
days after the termination date of this Lease if this Lease
termination on a day other than December 31, together with and
in support of the payment of Percentage Rent (or Lessee's
claim that no such Percentage Rent is due)  Lessee shall
deliver to Lessor a statement showing Lessee's Gross Rental
Income for the applicable report period (i.e., the previous
calendar year or partial calendar year) and showing the
calculation of Percentage Rent.  The annual report shall be
certified by Lessee's chief financial officer.  Each annual
report shall present the information it contains in
sufficient detail to show clearly the computation of
Percentage Rent.  Lessor shall have the right at any
reasonable time and from time to time, at Lessor's expense, to
audit the books of account, documents, records, returns,


DCW/C-FORM
082889/016  7
