particular policy in question.  In addition to the foregoing
certificates, Tenant shall at all times during the term hereof
furnish Landlord with a current certificate of worker's
compensation coverage.
 13.04.  Tenant shall not use or occupy, or permit the Leased
Property to be used or occupied, in a manner which will increase
the rates of fire or any other insurance for the Leased Property or
the Hotel.  Tenant shall also not use or occupy, or permit the
Leased Property to be used or occupied, in a manner which will make
void or voidable any insurance then in force with respect thereto
or the Hotel, or which will make it impossible to obtain fire or
other insurance with respect thereto or the Hotel.  If by reason of
the failure of Tenant to comply with the provisions of this
Section, the fire or any other insurance rates for the Leased
Property or the Hotel be higher than they otherwise would be,
Tenant shall reimburse Landlord, as additional rent, on the first
day of the calendar month next succeeding notice by Landlord to
Tenant of said increase, for that part of all insurance premiums
thereafter paid by Landlord which shall have been charged because
of such failure of Tenant.  
 13.05.  Tenant hereby waives any and all rights of recovery
from Landlord, its officers, agents and employees for any loss or
damage, including consequential loss or damage, caused by any peril
or perils (including negligent acts) enumerated in each form of
insurance policy required to be maintained by Tenant hereunder.
 13.06.  Each policy of insurance provided for in this Section


C-FORMS/D-1
091289  29
