Exhibit C.  Landlord may require Tenant, at Tenant's sole cost and
expense, to furnish bonds or other security satisfactory to
Landlord to assure diligent and faithful performance of Tenant's
work and lien free completion thereof.
 8.02.  Tenant shall not make any additions, alterations,
improvements or changes ("improvements") in or to the Leased
Property without the prior written approval of Landlord.  Except as
provided in Exhibit C hereof, any improvements shall be at the sole
cost and expense of Tenant.  Any improvements shall be made
promptly and in good and workmanlike manner and in compliance with
all insurance requirements and with all applicable permits,
authorizations, building regulations, zoning laws and all other
governmental rules, regulations, ordinances, statutes and laws, now
or hereafter in effect pertaining to the Leased Property or
Tenant's use thereof.  Any improvements made by Tenant, shall at
Landlord's option become the property of Landlord upon the
expiration or sooner termination of this Lease.  However, Landlord
shall have the right to require Tenant to remove such improvements,
at Tenant's sole cost and expense, upon such termination of this
Lease and to surrender the Leased Property in the same condition as
it was prior to the making of any or all such improvements,
ordinary wear and tear excepted.

SECTION 9

Landlord's Repairs

 Landlord agrees to keep in good structural order, condition
and repair the exterior walls, floor and roof of the Leased


C-FORMS/D-1
091289  22
