are hereinafter referred to as "Tenant's property") from the Leased
Property and repair all damage thereto resulting from such removal
and Tenant shall thereupon surrender the Leased Property in the
same condition as on the Occupancy Date, reasonable wear and tear
excepted.  If Tenant has not fully and faithfully performed all of
the terms, conditions and covenants of this Lease to be performed
by Tenant, Tenant shall nevertheless remove Tenant's property from
the Leased Property in the manner aforesaid within fifteen (15)
days after receipt of written direction to do so from Landlord.
Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, remove floor coverings
installed or placed on the Leased Property by or on behalf of
Tenant within fifteen (15) days of written direction to do so from
Landlord, but not otherwise, and shall repair all damage to the
Leased Property resulting from such removal.  In the event Tenant
shall fail to remove any of Tenant's property or floor coverings as
provided herein, Landlord may, but is not obligated to, at Tenant's
expense, remove all of such property not so removed and repair all
damage to the Leased Property resulting from such removal, and
Landlord shall have no responsibility to Tenant for any loss or
damage to said property caused by or resulting from such removal or
otherwise.  If the Leased Property be not surrendered at the end of
the lease term, Tenant shall indemnify Landlord against loss or
liability resulting from delay by Tenant in so surrendering the
Leased Property including, without limitation, any claims made by
any succeeding tenant founded on such delay.

SECTION  7


C-FORMS/D-1
091289  13
