regular course of business) that Lessor, following any termination
of this Lease by reason of Lessee's default hereunder or for any
other reason, shall not disturb the possession of the subtenant.
Thus, if Lessor terminates this Lease, Lessor shall recognize the
rights (but not any prepaid rent or security deposit not
transferred to Lessor) granted by sublease to such a subtenant of
Lessee under this Lease for so long as such subtenant shall not be
in default under its sublease; provided that the subtenant shall
not be in default under its sublease; provided that the subtenant
is an entity which is not a parent or subsidiary of Lessee and
provided that within thirty (30) days after written notice from
Lessor to any such subtenant given after termination of Lessee's
interest in this Lease and a representation from Lessor that Lessor
will not disturb any subtenant so long as the sublease is not in
default, any such subtenant shall agree in writing with and in
favor of Lessor to observe and perform all of the covenants,
conditions, terms and provisions of said sublease to be performed
and observed by said subtenant, and to pay to Lessor the rent and
all other charges referred to in such sublease, without defense of
offset except as therein provided.  If said subtenant under this
Lease performs the obligations stated in its sublease in favor of
Lessor, Lessor shall not remove said subtenant except in accordance
with the terms of its sublease and for all purposes Lessor shall 
perform all the obligations and enjoy the benefit of all the rights
of Lessee under said sublease.
 Section 17.9.  Lessee shall perform and observe each and every


DCW/C-FORM
082889/016  48
