any fine, penalty, further interest or cost may be added thereto.
 Section 3.2.  The parties intend this Lease to be a "net"
lease.  All expenses in connection with the operation of the
Premises during the term hereof shall be paid by lessee except as
this Lease otherwise provides.  But nothing in this Lease contained
shall require or be construed to obligate Lessee to pay any estate,
inheritance, succession, transfer, gift, poll, franchise, capital
stock, social security, unemployment, sales, use or withholding tax
of Lessor or any income, profits or revenue tax upon the net income
of Lessor, or any other tax, assessment, charge or levy upon the
net income received by Lessor under this Lease, whether under
present or future legislation.  If, however, at any time during the
terms hereof under the laws of the United States of America or any
state or political subdivision thereof, a tax on rent or other
charge, by whatever name called, is levied, assessed or imposed
against Lessor or the rent payable hereunder to Lessor as a
substitute in whole or in part for a tax or other charge payable by
Lessee under Section 3.1 of this Article III, to the extent that
such substitute tax or other charge is in lieu of a tax payable by
Lessee under Section 3.1 and therefore relieves Lessee from the
payments hereinbefore provided in this Section 3.1, Lessor shall
promptly notify Lessee thereof in writing and Lessee shall pay such
tax or other charge as soon as the same become due and payable.
 Section 3.3.  Lessee, upon the written request of Lessor,
shall furnish to Lessor and, upon the further and separate written
request of Lessor, to any mortgagee to whom Lessor is the


DCW/C-FORM
082889/016  10
