 Section 5.03.  The Chairman of the Board of Directors.  The
Chairman of the Board of Directors shall preside at all meetings of
the Directors, discharge all duties incumbent upon the presiding
officer, and perform such other duties as the Board of Directors
may prescribe.

 Section 5.04.  The President.  The President shall have active
executive management of the operations of the corporation, subject,
however, to the control of the Board of Directors.  He shall
preside at all meetings of Shareholders, discharge all the duties
incumbent upon a presiding officer, and perform such other duties
as this Code of Bylaws provides or the Board of Directors may
prescribe.  The President shall have full authority to execute
proxies in behalf of the corporation,to vote stock owned by it in
any other corporation, and to execute powers of attorney appointing
other corporations, partnerships, or individuals the agent of the
corporation.

 Section 5.05.  The Vice President.  The Vice President shall
perform all duties incumbent upon the President during the absence
or disability of the President, and shall perform such other duties
as this Code of Bylaws may provide or the Board of Directors may
prescribe.

 Section 5.06.  The Secretary.  The Secretary shall attend all
meetings of the Shareholders and of the Board of Directors, and
shall keep a true and complete record of the proceedings of these
meetings.  He shall be custodian of the records of the corporation.
He shall attend to the giving of all notices and shall perform such
other duties as this Code of Bylaws may provide or the Board of
Directors may prescribe.
     
 Section 5.07.  The Treasurer.  The Treasurer shall keep
correct and complete records of account, showing accurately at all
times the financial condition of the corporation.  He shall be the
legal custodian of all moneys, notes, securities, and other
valuables that may from time to time come into the possession of
the corporation.  He shall immediately deposit all funds of the
corporation coming into his hands in some reliable bank or other
depositary to be designated by the Board of Directors, and shall
keep this bank account in the name of the corporation.  He shall
furnish at meetings of the Board of Directors, or whenever
requested, a statement of the financial condition of the
corporation, and shall perform such other duties as this Code of
Bylaws may provide or the Board of Directors may prescribe.  The
Treasurer may be required to furnish bond in such amount as shall
be determined by the Board of Directors.

 Section 5.08.  Transfer of Authority.  In case of the absence
of any officer of the corporation, or for any other reason that the


C-2-1/110194
BYLAWS
STANDARD CORPORATION  6
