in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to
the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any
criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe
his conduct was unlawful.  The termination of any action, suit or
proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a
plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself,
create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and
in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to
the best interests of the corporation, and that, with respect to
any criminal action or proceeding, he had reasonable cause to
believe that his conduct was unlawful.

 Section 7.02.  The corporation shall indemnify, to the maximum
extent permitted by the law, any person who was or is a party or is
threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or
completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to
procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or
was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or
is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director,
officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses,
including attorneys' fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him
in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit
if he acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably
believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
corporation, but no indemnification shall be made in respect of any
claim, issue or matter as to which such person has been adjudged to
be liable for negligence or misconduct in the performance of his
duty to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the
court in which such action or suit was brought determines upon
application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view
of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and
reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court
deems proper.

 Section 7.03.  To the extent that a director, officer,
employee or agent of the corporation has been successful on the 
merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding
referred to in sections 1 and 2, or in defense of any claim, issue
or matter therein, he shall be indemnified by the corporation
against expenses, including attorneys' fees, actually and
reasonably incurred by him in connection with such defense.

 Section 7.04.  Any indemnification under sections 1 and 2,
unless ordered by a court, shall be made by the corporation only as
authorized in the specific case upon a determination that
indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is
proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable
standard of conduct set forth in sections 1 and 2.  Such
determination shall be made:


C-2-1/110194
BYLAWS
STANDARD CORPORATION  8
