costs to be borne by Tenant pursuant to the provisions of this
Exhibit C, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed and shall be deemed given unless Tenant disapproves said
estimate in writing to Landlord within ten (10) days from the
notice thereof. The amount of the estimated cost shall be paid to
Landlord prior to the commencement of construction hereunder. Any
balance owed by Tenant shall be paid within fifteen (15) days after
the rendering of bills therefor by Landlord or its contractor to
Tenant, it being understood that such bills may be rendered during 
the progress of the performance of the work and/or the furnishings
and installation of the materials to which such bills relate.  No
credit shall be granted for the omission of materials where no
replacement in kind is made.  There shall be credits only for
substitutions in kind, for example, a flooring credit may be
applied only against the cost of flooring.
	In the event final plans and specifications are not
approved, for any reason whatsoever, by Landlord within one hundred
eighty (180) days from the date hereof, then, at Landlord's option,
this Lease shall be null and void and of no further force or 
effect.
	Tenant may not request an exterior front design, finish
or construction other than ones that have been previously approved
by Landlord in writing and Landlord shall be entitled to erect and 
construct such exteriors in keeping with the over all plan and
design of Landlord's architect or agent.
	Any additional charges, expenses, or costs arising by


Forms D-8
021187-1                  60
