 12.05. DETERMINATION OF TOP HEAVY STATUS. If this Plan is
the only qualified plan maintained by the Employer, the Plan is top
heavy for a Plan Year if the top heavy ratio as of the
Determination Date exceeds sixty percent (60%). The top heavy
ratio is a fraction, the numerator of which is the sum of the
present value of Accrued Benefits of all Key Employees as of the
Determination Date, (including any contribution not made as of the
Determination Date but which Code 416 and the regulations under
that Code section require the Advisory Committee to take into
account), and distributions made within the five (5) Plan Year
period immediately preceding the Determination Date, and the
denominator of which is a similar sum determined for all Employees.
The Advisory Committee shall calculate the top heavy ratio by
disregarding the Accrued Benefit attributable to deductible
voluntary employee contributions, and by disregarding the Accrued
Benefit of any Non-Key Employee who was formerly a Key Employee.
For Plan Years beginning after December 31, 1984, the Advisory
Committee shall calculate the top heavy ratio by disregarding the
Accrued Benefit (including distributions, if any, of the Accrued
Benefit) of an individual who has not received credit for at least
one (1) Hour of Service with the Employer during the five (5) Plan
Year period ending on the Determination Date. The Advisory
Committee shall calculate the top heavy ratio, including the extent
to which it must take into account distributions, rollovers and
transfers, in accordance with Code 416 and the regulations under


C-FORMS
H-012
080289  4
