shall have been established Landlord and Tenant shall execute a
memorandum confirming said date and the same shall be marked
Exhibit B, and be attached hereto and deemed incorporated herein by
reference.  In the event that the Tenant fails or refuses to open
the Leased Property for, and to commence the conduct of, its
business within thirty (30) days after the commencement date, then,
at the option of Landlord, Landlord may treat such failure or
refusal as an event of default.  Should Landlord not terminate this
Lease, Landlord may, without waiving its right to thereafter
terminate this Lease for such failure to open, collect all rents
due hereunder together with additional rent of one-twentieth (1/20)
of the minimum monthly rent per day in lieu of percentage rental.
 2.02.  The commencement date shall be thirty (30) days
after Landlord notifies Tenant in writing that the improvements to
be installed by Landlord pursuant to Exhibit C hereof have been
completed or as soon as Tenant commences to do business in, upon or
from the Leased Property, whichever first occurs.  However, should
Landlord be unable to complete its Exhibit C work because of any
special requirements of Tenant, notwithstanding any other provision
hereof, including, but not limited to, Section 30 hereof, the
commencement date shall be thirty (30) days after Landlord notifies
Tenant in writing that Landlord cannot proceed further with its
Exhibit C work until such special requirement of Tenant is
completed, installed or otherwise satisfied, or as soon as Tenant
commences to do business in, upon or from the Leased Property,
whichever first occurs.  Any other provision hereof to the contrary


DCW/D-007
060987/001 3
