other than on account of the earliest rent due and payable
hereunder, nor shall any endorsement or statement on any check or
any letter accompanying any check or payment as rent be deemed an
accord and a satisfaction, and Landlord may accept any such check
or payment without prejudice to Landlord's rights to recover the
balance of such rent or pursue any other remedy in or under this
Lease.  The consent by Landlord to any matter or event requiring
Landlord's consent shall not constitute a waiver of the necessity
for such consent to any subsequent matter or event.  This Section
26.07 may not be waived.
 26.08.  Nothing contained herein shall constitute a
waiver of Landlord's right to recover damages by reason of
Landlord's efforts to mitigate the damage to it caused by Tenant's
default; nor shall anything in this Section adversely affect
Landlord's right, as in this Lease elsewhere provided, to
indemnification against liability for injury or damage to persons
or property occurring prior to a termination of this Lease.

SECTION 27

QUIET POSSESSION

 Tenant, upon paying the rentals and other payments herein
required from Tenant, and upon Tenant's performance of all of the
terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease on its part to be
kept and performed, may quietly have, hold and enjoy the Leased
Property during the term of this Lease without any disturbance from
Landlord or from any other person claiming through Landlord.

SECTION 28


DCW/D-007
060987/001 61
