representation of said building, the Center, or the Parcel or words
to that effect, in connection with any business carried on in the
Leased Property, except as Tenant's address.  Landlord shall have
the right to prohibit any advertising by Tenant which, in
Landlord's opinion, tends to impair the reputation of the Center or
its desirability as a location for offices, and upon written notice
from Landlord Tenant shall refrain from or discontinue such
advertising.

SECTION 8

ALTERATIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS

 8.01.  Landlord shall install those improvements required to
be installed by it pursuant to Exhibit C attached hereto and
incorporated herein by reference.  Said improvements shall be
constructed substantially in accordance with the plans and
specifications adopted pursuant to said Exhibit C.
 It is understood and agreed by Tenant that any minor changes 
from any plans or specifications which may hereafter be made during
construction shall not affect or change this Lease or invalidate
the same.  Tenant also acknowledges that the site plan shown on
Exhibit A2 is tentative and that Landlord may change the shape,
size, location, number and extent of the improvements shown thereon
and eliminate or add any improvement thereto.  Tenant shall pay to
Landlord any expense incurred by Landlord as a result of changes
requested by Tenant which affect Landlord's work.  Tenant agrees to
furnish Landlord, within the time periods required in Exhibit C,


Forms D-4
120685-1
16
