such subordination on behalf of Tenant, unless the mortgagee,
beneficiary or ground lessor named in such encumbrance shall first
agree in writing, for the benefit of Tenant, that so long as Tenant
is not in default under any of the provisions, covenants or
conditions of this Lease on the part of Tenant to be kept and
performed, that neither this Lease nor any of the rights to Tenant
hereunder shall be terminated or modified or be subject to
termination or modification, nor shall Tenant's possession of the
Leased Property be disturbed by proceedings to foreclose said
mortgage, deed of trust or other encumbrance.
 16.02.  In the event that the mortgagee, ground lessor or
beneficiary of any such mortgage, ground lease or deed of trust
elects to have this Lease a prior lien to its mortgage, deed of
trust or ground lease, then and in such event, upon such
mortgagee's or beneficiary's giving written notice to Tenant to
that effect, this Lease shall be deemed prior in lien to such
mortgage, deed of trust or ground lease whether this Lease is dated
prior to or subsequent to the date of recordation of such mortgage,
deed of trust or ground lease.
 16.03.  Tenant shall, in the event any proceedings are brought
for the foreclosure of the Leased Property or in the event of
exercise of the power of sale under any deed of trust made by
Landlord covering the Leased Property, or termination of any ground
lease, attorn to the purchaser or ground less or, as the case
maybe, and recognize such purchaser or lessor as the Landlord under


Forms D-4
120685-1

38
