hazard, and arrange for the prompt and regular removal thereof.
 7.12.  Tenant shall at all times during the term of the Lease
comply with all governmental rules, regulations, ordinances,
statutes and laws, and the orders and regulations of the Insurance
Services Office or any other body now or hereafter exercising
similar functions, now or hereafter in effect pertaining to the
Center, the Leased Property or Tenant's use thereof.
 7.13.  Tenant hereby covenants and agrees that it, its agents, 
employees, servants, contractors, subtenants and licensees shall
abide by the Rules and Regulations attached hereto as Exhibit D and
incorporated herein by reference as well as those provided herein
and such additional rules and regulations hereafter adopted and
amendments and modifications of any of the foregoing as Landlord
may, from time to time, adopt for the safety, care and cleanliness
of the Leased Property, the Parcel or the Center or for the
preservation of good order thereon.
 7.14.  Tenant shall not do, permit or suffer anything to be
done or kept upon the Leased Property which will obstruct or
interfere with the rights of other tenants, Landlord or the patrons
and customers of any of them, or which will annoy any of them or
their patrons or customers by reason of unreasonable noise, odor,
vibration, or otherwise, nor will Tenant commit or permit any
nuisance on the Leased Property or commit or suffer any immoral or
illegal act to be committed thereon.
 7.15.  Tenant shall not use the name or any picture or


Forms D-4
120685-1
15
