Landlord may, but shall not be required to, use or retain all or
any part of such security deposit for the payment of any rent, to
repair damages to the Leased Property, to clean the Leased Property
or to compensate Landlord for any other damage which Landlord may
suffer by reason of Tenant's default.  If any portion of said 
deposit is so used or applied, Tenant shall, within five (5) days
after written demand therefor, deposit cash with Landlord in an
amount sufficient to restore the security deposit to its original
amount and Tenant's failure to do so shall be a material breach of
this Lease.  Landlord shall not be required to keep such security
deposit separate from its general funds, and Tenant shall not be
entitled to interest on such deposit.  Should Tenant comply with
all said terms, covenants and conditions and promptly pay all the 
rental herein provided for as it falls due, and all other sums
payable by Tenant to Landlord hereunder, then the said deposit
shall be returned in full to Tenant thirty (30) days after the end
of the term of this Lease or after the last payment due from Tenant
to Landlord, whichever last occurs.  In the event of sale or
transfer of the Building or of any portion thereof containing the 
Leased Property, if Landlord transfers the security to the vendee
or transferee for the benefit of Tenant, or if such vendee or
transferee assumes all liability with respect to such security,
Landlord shall be considered released by Tenant from all liability
for the return of such security, and Tenant agrees to look solely
to the new Landlord for the return of the security, and it is
agreed that this Section 4 shall apply to every transfer or


Forms D-8
021187-1                            7
