reason of any subsequent change, modification, or alteration in the 
approved plans and specifications made at the request of Tenant,
shall be at the sole cost and expense of Tenant, and Landlord shall
have the right to demand payment for such change, modification, or
alteration, prior to its performance of any work in the Leased
Property. No such changes, modifications, or alterations in said
approved plans and specifications can be made without the written
consent of Landlord after the written request thereof by Tenant.
No part of the cost of any trade fixture or personal property for
Tenant shall be payable by Landlord.
	Tenant agrees that upon completion of the Leased Property
in accordance with the approved plans and specifications and upon
the delivery to and possession by Tenant, Tenant will accept the
Leased Property in the condition which it may then be and waives
any right or claim against Landlord for any cause, directly or 
indirectly, arising out of the condition of the Leased Property,
appurtenances thereto, the improvements thereon and the equipment
thereof, and Tenant shall thereafter save and hold harmless
Landlord from any and all liability.  However, the fact that Tenant
may enter into possession of the Leased Property prior to the 
actual completion of the Building for the purpose of installing
fixtures and equipment shall not be deemed an acceptance by the 
Tenant of completion by Landlord until actual completion shall have
taken place, but in such event, Tenant shall hold Landlord harmless
and indemnify Landlord for any loss or damage to Tenant's fixtures,
equipment and merchandise and for injury to any person.


Forms D-8
021187-1  61
