services shall be conditioned upon the availability of adequate
energy sources.  Landlord shall have the right to reduce heat,
lighting and power as required by any mandatory or voluntary fuel
or energy conservation program.  Except as specifically provided
herein, Tenant shall pay, at its sole cost and expense, all charges
for services and utilities used in, upon or about the Leased
Property.  Landlord may, from time to time, prescribe rules and
regulations for implementation of this paragraph.
	Landlord shall not be obligated to perform any service or
to repair or maintain any structure or facility except as provided
in this Section and  Section 8 hereof. Landlord shall not furnish
telephone facilities or service except as maybe provided in
Exhibit C.  Landlord shall not be responsible for light bulb or
ballast replacement.  Landlord shall not be obligated to provide
any service or maintenance or to make any repairs when such
service, maintenance or repair is made necessary because of the
negligence or misuse of Tenant, Tenant's agents, employees,
servants, contractors, subtenants, licensees, customers or business
invitees.  Landlord reserves the right to stop any service when
Landlord deems such stoppage necessary, whether by reason of 
accident or emergency, or for repairs or improvements or otherwise.
Landlord shall not be liable under any circumstances for loss or
injury however occurring, through or in connection with or incident
to any stoppage of such services.  Landlord shall have no
responsibility or liability for failure to supply any services or
maintenance or to make any repairs when prevented from doing so by


Forms D-8
021187-1                               20
