protection of Landlord and its tenants and invitees from damage or
injury resulting from the making of such improvements.  In
addition, prior to the commencement of such work, Tenant, if
required by Landlord, shall secure, at Tenant's expense,
performance, labor and materials bonds for the full cost of such
work satisfactory to Landlord.  Landlord will direct electricians
as to where and how telephone wires are to be introduced.  No 
boring or cutting for wires will be allowed without the consent of 
Landlord. The location of telephones, call boxes and other office
equipment affixed to the Leased Property shall be subject to the 
approval of Landlord.  Tenant shall not lay linoleum, tile, carpet
or other similar floor covering so that the same shall be affixed
to the floor of the Leased Property in any manner except as
approved by Landlord.  The roof of the Leased Property shall not be 
penetrated without Landlord's prior written consent.
	Landlord's approval of any drawings, plans or
specifications shall not constitute any assumption of any liability
for the accuracy or sufficiency thereof.
	Any improvements made by Tenant pursuant to this
Section 7 shall at Landlord's option be come the property of 
Landlord upon the expiration or sooner termination of this Lease.
However, Landlord shall have the right to require Tenant to remove
any or all improvements, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, upon
such termination of this Lease and to surrender the Leased Property
in the same condition as it was prior to the making of any or all
such improvements, reasonable wear and tear excepted.


Forms D-8
021187-1                        14
