created by this Lease free, clear and harmless from any and all
liability, loss, costs, expenses (including attorneys' fees),
judgments, claims, liens and demands of any kind whatsoever in
connection with, arising out of, or by reason of any act, omission,
or negligence of Tenant, its agents, employees, servants,
contractors, subtenants, licensees, customers or business invitees
while in, upon, about, or in any way connected with, the Premises
or the Hotel or arising from any accident, injury or damage,
howsoever and by whomsoever caused, to any person or property 
whatsoever, occurring in, upon, about or in any way connected with
the Premises or any portion thereof other than as a result of the
intentional or grossly negligent acts of Landlord.

	15.2 In the absence of intentional or grossly negligent acts
of Landlord, Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant, or to any
other person whatsoever, for any damage occasioned by falling
plaster, electricity, plumbing, gas, water, steam, sprinkler or
other pipe and sewage system or by the bursting, running or leaking
of any tank, washstand, closet or waste of other pipes, nor for any
damages occasioned by water being upon or coming upon the Premises
or for any damage arising from any acts or neglect of co-tenants or
other occupants of the Hotel or of adjacent property or of the 
public, nor shall Landlord be liable in damage or otherwise for any
failure to furnish, or interruption of, service of any utility
beyond the control of Landlord. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that
Landlord's security department and security officers are not
responsible for providing security services in the Premises and
that all such responsibility is the obligation of Tenant. In no
event shall Landlord be liable to Tenant or any third-party for the
security department's failure to respond to a request for aid or 
assistance by Tenant.


                     SECTION 16.
                     SUBORDINATION

	16.1 Tenant agrees upon request of Landlord to subordinate
this Lease and its rights hereunder to the lien of any mortgage,
deed of trust or other encumbrance, together with any renewals,
extensions or replacements thereof now or hereafter placed, charged
or enforced against the Premises, or any portion thereof, and to
execute and deliver at any time, and from time to time, upon demand
by Landlord, such documents as may be required to effectuate such
subordination, and in the event that Tenant shall fail, neglect or
refuse to execute and deliver any such documents to be executed by
it within ten (10) days after Landlord's request, Tenant hereby
irrevocably appoints Landlord, its successors and assigns, the duly
authorized attorney-in-fact of Tenant to prepare, execute and
deliver any and all such documents for and on behalf of Tenant.
Tenant agrees and acknowledges that the foregoing power of attorney
is coupled with an interest.



                             18
