areas be deemed constructive or actual eviction.
 10.02.1.  Throughout the term hereof, Tenant will pay to
Landlord monthly in advance in addition to the rental specified in
Section 3 hereof, as further additional rent, that portion of the
Center's Operating Cost, as hereinafter defined, that the number of
square feet of floor area of the Leased Property bears to the total
number of square feet of all the floor area of the buildings in the
Center.
 10.02.2.  For the purpose of this Section 10, the term
"Center's Operating Cost"  is hereby defined to mean the total cost
and expense incurred in managing, operating, equipping, lighting,
repairing, replacing and maintaining the Center.  Such operating 
and maintenance costs shall include all costs and expenses of
operating and maintaining such areas and facilities in such manner
as Landlord may from time to time deem appropriate and for the best
interests of the tenants of the Center, including, without
limitation, all Impositions, as that term is defined in Section
12.03 hereof, providing private police protection, security patrol,
or night watchmen (including, but not limited to uniforms), fire
protection and security alarm systems and equipment, heating and
air conditioning (to the extent, if any, Landlord incurs any
expense therefor), labor compensation insurance, payroll taxes,
materials, supplies, and all other costs of operating and
repairing, lighting, cleaning, sweeping, painting, stripping,
removing of rubbish or debris, policing and inspecting,
depreciation on or rentals of machinery and equipment, all utility


DCW/D-007
060987/001 26
