Advisory Committee shall not apply the amended vesting schedule to
reduce the Nonforfeitable percentage of any Participant's Accrued
Benefit derived from Employer contributions (determined as of the
later of the date the Employer adopts the amendment, or the date
the amendment becomes effective) to a percentage less than the
Nonforfeitable percentage computed under the Plan without regard to
the amendment.
 If the Employer makes a permissible amendment to the vesting
schedule, each Participant having at least five (5) Years of
Service with the Employer may elect to have the percentage of his
Nonforfeitable Accrued Benefit computed under the Plan without
regard to the amendment.  The Participant must file his election
with the Plan Administrator within sixty (60) days of the latest of
(a) the Employer's adoption of the amendment; (b) the effective
date of the amendment; or (c) his receipt of a copy of the
amendment.  The Plan Administrator, as soon as practicable, shall
forward a true copy of any amendment of the vesting schedule to
each affected Participant, together with an explanation of the
effect of the amendment, the appropriate form upon which the
Participant may make an election to remain under the vesting
schedule provided under the Plan prior to the amendment and notice
of the time within which the Participant must make an election to
remain under the prior vesting schedule.  For purposes of this
Section 7.05, an amendment to the vesting schedule includes any
Plan amendment which directly or indirectly affects the computation


C-FORMS
H-007
072889  3
