and kind set forth in 213 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, and
the Regulations issued thereunder, currently in effect or as same
may be amended, subject to and limited by provisions of this Plan.
The general classes of covered expenses will be: nursing care,
hospital bills, doctors' and dentists' bills, psychiatric care,
drugs and prescriptions, medical related transportation, and health
and accident insurance. Included in the foregoing, but not by way
of limitation, will be all medical and dental expenses, including
hospital expenses, both room and board and special hospital
services, surgical expenses, diagnostic xrays; prenatal and
maternity expenses; infant care in hospital; rental of iron lung or
other equipment for therapeutic use, in or out of hospital;
artificial limbs or other prosthetic appliances; diagnostic
laboratory procedures; drugs and medicine requiring prescriptions;
oxygen; anesthesia; blood and plasma; xray and radium treatments;
local professional ambulance services; psychiatric treatment;
dental care; surgery and appliances; eye glasses; hearing aids and
examinations thereof; and premiums on hospitalization, surgical and
medical insurance.

ARTICLE II

COVERED EMPLOYEES

 All persons who meet the common law definition of
employee shall be "Covered Employees" and shall be entitled to
receive the benefits enumerated in Article I.

ARTICLE III


C-FORMS
H-016
080489  
2
