portion of the Trust Fund to revert to or become a property of the
Employer; and the Employer shall not make any amendment which
affects the rights, duties or responsibilities of the Trustee, the
Plan Administrator or the Advisory Committee without the written
consent of the affected Trustee, the Plan Administrator or the
affected member of the Advisory Committee. Furthermore, no
amendment shall decrease a Participant's Accrued Benefit, except to
the extent permitted under Code 412(c) (8). An Amendment adopted
after July 30, 1984, (including the adoption of this Plan as a
restatement of an existing plan) decreases a Participant's Accrued
Benefit determined immediately prior to the adoption date, if the
amendment has the effect of either (1) eliminating or reducing an
early retirement benefit or a retirement-type subsidy (as defined
in Treasury regulations), or (2) except as provided by Treasury
regulations, eliminating an optional form of benefit.  The Advisory
Committee shall disregard an amendment described in the immediately
preceding sentence to the extent application of the amendment would
decrease the Participant's Accrued Benefit determined immediately
prior to the adoption date of the amendment.
 The Employer shall make all amendments in writing. Each
amendment shall state the date to which it is either retroactively
or prospectively effective.
 14.03. DISCONTINUANCE. The Employer shall have the right,
at any time, to suspend or discontinue its contributions under the
Plan, and to terminate, at any time, this Plan and the Trust


C-FORMS
H-014
080289  3
