shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States
mail addressed to the registered holder at his address as it
appears on the stock transfer books of the corporation, with
postage on it prepaid.  Waiver by a Shareholder in writing of
notice of a Shareholders' meeting shall constitute a waiver of
notice of the meeting, whether executed and/or delivered before or
after such meeting.

 Section 3.05.  Quorum.  A majority of the shares entitled to
vote, represented in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum
at a meeting of the Shareholders.  The Shareholders present at a
duly organized meeting may continue to do business until
adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough Shareholders
to leave less than a quorum.  The act of a majority of the shares
entitled to vote at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be
the act of the Shareholders, unless a greater number is required by
applicable law.

 Section 3.06.  Proxies.  A Shareholder may vote either in
person or by proxy executed in writing by the Shareholder or by his
duly authorized attorney-in-fact.  No proxy shall be valid after
six months from the date of its creation, unless otherwise provided
in the proxy.

 Section 3.07  Action Without A Meeting.  Any action that may
be taken at a meeting of the Shareholders, or of a committee, may
be taken without a meeting if a consent in writing, setting forth
the action so taken, shall be signed by the Shareholders, or the
members of the committee, holding at least a majority of the voting
power, unless a greater proportion of voting power is required for
such an action at a meeting, as the case may be.

ARTICLE IV

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

 Section 4.01.  Number and Qualifications.  The business and
affairs of the corporation shall be managed by a Board of three (3)
Directors.  The number of Directors may be increased or decreased
from time to time and at any time by the Shareholders or the Board
of Directors.  No person may be a director of the Corporation
unless licensed to practice in the State of Nevada.

 Section 4.02.  Election.  Members of the initial Board of 
Directors shall hold office until the first annual meeting of
Shareholders and until their successors shall have been elected and
qualified.  At the first annual meeting of Shareholders and at each
annual meeting thereafter, the Shareholders shall elect Directors
to hold office until the next succeeding annual meeting.  Each
Director shall hold office for the term for which he is elected and


C-2-3/110194
BYLAWS
PROFESSIONAL CORPORATION  3
