Property, whether or not affixed to the realty. Any leasehold
improvements in excess of those provided at Landlord's expense
pursuant to Exhibit C shall be deemed Tenant's personal property
for the purposes of this Section 9.  If at any time during the term
of this Lease any such taxes on Tenant's property are assessed as
part of the tax on the real property of which the Leased Property
is a part, then in such event Tenant shall pay to Landlord the
amount of such additional taxes as may be levied against the real
property by reason thereof.  Tenant shall use its best efforts to 
have Tenant's property  assessed separately from said real property.
	Tenant shall pay as additional rent that proportion of
any increase in Impositions, as hereinafter defined, due and
payable during the term of this Lease, over and above the amount of
such Impositions for the fiscal year, in which the land on which
the Building is located, with the Building having been
substantially erected and constructed thereon, shall first be
assessed, which the total number of leasable square feet of floor
space in the Leased Property bears to the total number of leasable
square feet in the Building.  The leasable floor space in the
Building is ( ) square feet. Any
such increase due and payable for the fiscal year in which this
Lease terminates shall be prorated and adjusted between Landlord
and Tenant.  Whenever Landlord shall receive any tax statement or
bill payable, in whole or in part, by Tenant hereunder, Tenant
shall pay the amount due within ten (10) days after demand therefor
accompanied by delivery to Tenant of a copy of the tax statement


Forms D-8
021187-1  17
