union labor for such work, and shall obtain and pay for all
required building permits, fees, and occupancy certificates.
Tenant may not enter upon the Leased Property until plans and
specifications have been adopted as hereinafter provided and
Landlord notifies Tenant that the Leased Property is ready for
Tenant to perform its work.  Tenant shall not conduct its work in
such a manner as to interfere with Landlord's work hereunder.
Tenant may elect to have Landlord complete all or any part of
Tenant's interior construction work under Section II hereof.
	If Landlord's architect or agent deems it necessary to
make any changes or additions to the plans furnished by Tenant
pursuant to the second paragraph hereof, Landlord's architect or
agent shall notify Tenant in writing. Tenant shall confer with
Landlord's architect or agent within five (5) days of such
notification. Provided Tenant agrees to such changes or addition,
which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed,
Tenant shall sign or initial amended plans prepared by Tenant at
Tenant's expense and approved by Landlord's architect or agent
which incorporate the necessary changes as mutually agreed by
Landlord's architect or agent and Tenant.  Failure to approve or
disapprove, in writing, specifying the reason for such disapproval
within ten (10) days after request for approval shall be
conclusively deemed approval.  Upon receipt of Tenant's drawings,
Landlord shall prepare and submit in writing to Tenant an itemized
cost breakdown of any additional improvements shown on said
drawings.  Tenant shall have the prior right of approval of all


Forms D-8
021187-1                  59
