Tenant, and neither party shall have any liability to the other by
reason of this Lease.
 8.03.  Tenant shall observe and perform all of its
obligations under this Lease (except its obligations to pay minimum
rent, percentage rent, and additional rent) from the date upon
which the Leased Property is made available for Tenant's work until
the commencement date of the Lease term in the same manner as
though the Lease term began when the Leased Property was so made
available to Tenant.
 8.04.  Tenant shall not make any additions, alterations,
improvements or changes ("improvements") in or to the Leased
Property without the prior written approval of Landlord.  Except as
provided in Exhibit C hereof, any improvements shall be at the sole
cost and expense of Tenant.  Any improvements shall be made promptly
and in good and workmanlike manner and in compliance with all
insurance requirements and with all applicable permits,
authorizations, building regulations, zoning laws and all other
governmental rules, regulations, ordinances, statutes and laws, now
or hereafter in effect pertaining to the Leased Property or
Tenant's use thereof and such improvements shall be done by
recognized union labor if so required by Landlord.  Prior to the
commencement of such work, Tenant shall give evidence to Landlord
that appropriate insurance satisfactory to Landlord has been
obtained for the protection of Landlord and its tenants and 
invitees from damage or injury resulting from the making of such
improvements.  In addition, prior to the commencement of such work,


DCW/D-007
060987/001 22
