obligation to indemnify shall include, but is not limited to,
Landlord's reasonable attorneys' fees, investigation costs and all
other of Landlord's costs,  expenses and liabilities reasonably
incurred in connection therewith from the first notice that any
claim or demand is to be made or may be made.  Tenant further
agrees that if, by reason of any act or omission of Tenant,
Landlord is made a party defendant in any legal proceeding
concerning this Lease or the Leased Property, Tenant shall
indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from all costs, expenses, and
liabilities (including attorneys' fees and court costs) it may
incur by reason thereof.
 16.02.  Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant or to any
other person whatsoever for any damage occasioned by falling
plaster, electricity, plumbing, gas, water, steam, sprinkler or
other pipe and sewage system, by the bursting, running or leaking
of any tank, washstand, closet, waste or other pipes, or by water
being upon or coming through the roof, skylight, vent, trap door or
otherwise for any reason whatsoever or for any damage arising from
any acts or neglect of cotenants or occupants of the Center or of
adjacent property or of the public, including, but not limited to,
breach of any lease or rules and regulations, nor shall Landlord be
liable in damages or otherwise for any failure to furnish, or
interruption of, service of any utility.

SECTION  17

SUBORDINATION

 17.01.  Tenant agrees upon request of Landlord to


DCW/D-007
060987/001 40
