put and call options traded on a national exchange, United States
retirement plan bonds, corporate bonds, debentures, convertible
debentures, commercial paper, U.S. Treasury bills, U.S. Treasury
notes and other direct or indirect obligations of the United States
Government or its agencies, improved or unimproved real estate
situated in the United States, limited partnerships, insurance
contracts of any type, mortgages, notes or other property of any
kind, real or personal, and to buy or sell options on common stock
on a nationally recognized options exchange with or without holding
the underlying common stock, as a prudent man would do under like
circumstances with due regard for the purposes of this Plan. Any
investment made or retained by the Trustee in good faith shall be
proper but must be of a kind constituting a diversification
considered by law suitable for trust investments.
 (b) To retain in cash so much of the Trust Fund as it
may deem advisable to satisfy liquidity needs of the Plan and to
deposit any cash held in the Trust Fund in a bank account at
reasonable interest, including, if a bank is acting as Trustee,
specific authority to invest in any type of deposit of the Trustee
at a reasonable rate of interest or in a common trust fund (the
provisions of which govern the investment of such assets and which
the Plan incorporates by this reference) as described in Code 584
which the Trustee maintains exclusively for the collective
investment of money contributed by the bank in its capacity as
Trustee and which conforms to the rules of the Comptroller of the


C-FORMS
H-010
080289  2
