PARCEL I:

Unit Twenty-Five (25) B of the plat of Willowtree Unit No. 2, as
the name is established and identified in the Plan of Condominium
filed pursuant to the provisions of NRS 117.020 recorded January
24, 1980 in Book 25 of Plats, page 63, Official Records of the
County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada, and defined in that
certain Declaration of Restrictions establishing a plan for
Condominium ownership of Willowtree Associates, Ltd., recorded
June 31, 1979 as Document No. 1053418 of Official Records.  Said
unit includes both the portion of the building so described and
the airspace so encompassed, but the following are not a part of
the Unit; bearing walls, columns, floors, roofs, foundations,
~~nks, pumps, water heaters and other central services, pipes,
ducts, flues, chutes, conduits, wires and other utility
installation, wherever located, except such utilities and the
outlets thereof when located within said unit.

PARCEL II:

An undivided interest in and to the Common Area, to be held
jointly and equally with the other owners of the project as
disclosed and defined in the above referenced Declaration of
Restrictions.

PARCEL III:

An exclusive easement as an appurtenance to Parcel I above, over
and across Garage and Patio, as the same are shown on the plat of
the hereinabove described subdivision and further referenced and
described in the "Declaration of Restrictions" referred to in
Parcel I above.

PARCEL IV:

A non-exclusive easement for pedestrian and vehicular ingress and
egress, over and across all that area described as "Common Area"
on the plat of hereinabove described subdivision and in the
Declaration of Restrictions referred to in Parcel I above.

EXCEPTING THEREFROM any area lying within the "Restricted Common
Area" as defined in said Declaration of Restrictions.

TOGETHER WITH all tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances,
including easements and water rights, if any, thereto belonging
or appertaining and any reversion remainders, rents, issues of
profits thereof.  (As to Unit 25B).



EXHIBIT A
