obligation incurred purjsuant to any Security Instrument and then
on the account of the indebtedness evidenced by the Note.  The
collection of rents and the application thereof as aforesaid shall
not cure or waive any default or notice thereof, or invalidate any
act of Lender pursuant thereto.
 22. Neither this Assignment nor the existence of the
Security Instruments shall be deemed to require any marshalling of
the assets of Borrower or otherwise permit Borrower to designate
the order in which any security shall be sold or in any way limit
or impair Lender's rights and remedies at law, in equity or under
any Security Instrument or other agreement.
 23. If default be made under this Assignment, the Note
or any Security Instrument, Lender shall have, and by the execution
hereof, Borrower hereby irrevocably grants to Lender to the full
extent permitted by law, in addition to any other rights of Lender,
the right forthwith after any such default to enter upon and take
possession of the Leased Property and to operate and let the same
and receive all the rents, issues and profits thereof, overdue, due
or to become due, and to apply the same, after payment of all
necessary charges and expenses, including attorneys' fees, on
account of the indebtedness secured by this Assignment, and for
such purpose said rents, issues and profits, and all documents
evidencing said rents, issues and profits are hereby assigned to
Lender.  At the option of Lender, such entry and taking possession
shall be accomplished either by actual entry and possession or by
written notice served personally upon or sent by mail to Borrower


C-FORMS/D-003
081589            9
