at the address last appearing on the records of Lender.  Lender
shall also have an absolute right to petition for, and have
appointed, a receiver for the Leased Property.  In the event that
Borrower shall physically occupy the Leased Property or any part
thereof, Borrower agrees to surrender possession thereof to Lender
or such receiver immediately upon any such default hereunder or in
any payment or other obligation secured hereby.  The entering upon
and taking possession of the Leased Property, the collection of
such rents, issues and profits, and the application thereof as
aforesaid, shall not cure or waive any default or notice of default
hereunder or under any Security Instrument or invalidate any act of
Lender pursuant thereto.
 24. Notwithstanding the right otherwise provided of
Borrower to collect rent and other payments pursuant to the Leases
while Borrower is not in default under the Note, the Security
Instruments or this Assignment, if there is filed any petition in
bankruptcy by or against any lessee under any of the Leases or
there is appointed a receiver or trustee to take possession of all
or a substantial portion of the assets of such lessee or there is
a general assignment by such lessee for the benefit of creditors,
or any action is taken by or against such lessee under any state or
federal insolvency law or bankruptcy act, or any similar law now or
hereafter in effect, Lender, is appointed a creditor of such lessee
and is entitled to recover on any claim or rights of recovery that
Borrower may have against such Lessee or its receiver or trustee.
Lender may apply any such recovery against any obligation secured


C-FORMS/D-003
081589  10
