	11.3 Except as provided for elsewhere herein, Tenant shall
keep and maintain in good order, condition and repair (including
any such replacement and restoration as is required for that
purpose) the Premises and every part thereof and any and all
appurtenances thereto wherever located, including, but without
limitation, the exterior and interior portion of all doors, door
checks, windows, plate glass, store front, all plumbing and sewage
facilities within the Premises, fixtures, sprinkler system, walls,
floors, ceilings and all interior lighting.  Tenant shall also keep
and maintain in good order, condition and repair (including any
such replacement and restoration as is required for that purpose)
any Improvements, special equipment, furnishings, fixtures or
facilities installed by it on the Premises.  Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, Tenant shall periodically paint and
refurbish the Premises as required by Landlord in its reasonable
discretion.  Tenant shall store all trash and garbage in containers
located where designated by Landlord and so as not to be visible or
create a nuisance to guests, customers and business invitees of the
Hotel, and so as not to create or permit any health or fire hazard.

	11.4 In order to assure the availability of funds for periodic
painting and refurbishing of the premises, Tenant shall pay to
Landlord, together with the Percentage Rent referred to in Section
3.1, an additional amount equal to % of the monthly Gross Sales
made from the Premises during the preceding month, which sums shall
be deposited by the Landlord in an interest-bearing joint account.
The sums may be withdrawn from the joint account by Tenant for
purposes of painting and refurbishing the Premises from time to
time, upon Landlord's consent, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld. In the event that Tenant fails or refuses to
comply with the conditions of Section 11.3, above, Landlord may,
but shall not be obligated to, expend funds from the joint account
for purposes of painting and refurbishing the Premises. In such
event, Tenant shall not unreasonably withhold its consent to
Landlord's expenditures of funds from the joint account, shall
allow the Landlord access to the Premises for the purpose of doing
such painting or refurbishing, and shall hold Landlord harmless
from any claims or demands for disruption of business activities or
loss of income resulting from the Landlord's painting or
refurbishing of the Premises. Upon the expiration of the Lease
term, the balance of the funds in the joint account, if any,
including interest accrued thereon, shall be paid to Tenant.


                   SECTION 12.
                     LlENS

	12.1 Tenant, at all times, shall keep the Landlord, the Hotel,
the Premises, the leasehold estate created by this Lease, and any
trade fixtures, equipment or personal property within the Premises,
free and clear from any claim, lien or encumbrance (other than


                           14
