be retained intact for a period of not less than three (3) years
after the end of the fiscal year to which said records and books of
account pertain.  Landlord shall be entitled at all reasonable times
during business hours, through Landlord's duly authorized agents,
attorneys, or accountants, to inspect and make copies of any and
all such records and books of account, together with any and all
other records and documents in any way bearing on Tenant's Gross
Sales.

	19.2  Landlord shall be entitled at any time to cause an audit
to be made by any person authorized by Landlord of all records and
books of account required to be kept hereunder, and if such audit 
discloses that Tenant's Gross Sales as previously reported for the
period audited were understated, Tenant shall immediately pay to 
Landlord the additional Percentage Rental due for the period
audited together with interest thereon at a rate equal to the prime
rate of interest last ascertained by the Commissioner of Financial
Institutions of the State of Nevada pursuant to Nevada Revised
Statutes 99.040, plus five percent (5%) on such shortage of rental
from the time such rental became due.  If such shortage was in 
excess of three percent (3%) of the actual Percentage Rental due as
disclosed by such audit, Tenant shall immediately pay to Landlord
the cost of such audit.If such shortage was in excess of five
percent (5%) of said actual Percentage Rental due, in addition to
the monies due as provided herein, said shortage shall, at the
option of Landlord, terminate this Lease.

                            SECTION 20.
                         RIGHT OF ACCESS

	20.1 Landlord and its authorized agents and representatives
shall be entitled to enter the Premises with reasonable notice, or 
immediately in the case of an emergency, for the purpose of
observing, posting or keeping posted thereon notices provided for
hereunder, and such other notices as Landlord may deem necessary or
appropriate; for the purpose of inspecting the Premises; for the 
purpose of exhibiting the Premises to prospective purchasers or
lessees; and for the purpose of making repairs to the Premises or
the Hotel and performing any work upon the Premises which Landlord
may elect or be required to make.

                         SECTION 21.
                     ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE

	21.1 Tenant agrees that within ten (10) days of any demand
therefore by Landlord, Tenant will execute and deliver to Landlord
a certificate stating that this Lease is in full force and effect
without amendment, or if amended attaching a copy thereof to the
certificate, the date to which all rentals have been paid, any 
defaults or offsets claimed by Tenant and such other information


                                20
