improvements to be constructed by Landlord on the relocated
Premises the relocated Premises shall be deemed the Premises
hereunder as fully as if said relocated Premises were originally
described herein as the Premises. Tenant agrees that promptly, on
demand, it shall execute an amendment to Exhibit "A" designating
the location of the relocated Premises.

	1.3 Landlord may, in connection with any remodeling of all or
any portion of the Hotel, change the dimensions or reduce the size
of the Premises; provided, however, that if a reduction in size of
the Premises would reduce the Premises to less than four-fifths
(4/5) of their original size, and Tenant determines that as a
result thereof the remaining portion of the Premises  will not be
suitable for the purpose for which Tenant has leased said Premises,
Tenant may, at its option (i) terminate this Lease by written
notice to Landlord given within thirty (30) days after the Landlord
notifies Tenant of Landlord's intention to remodel, or (ii) require
Landlord to relocate the Premises in the manner set forth in
Section 1.2 above.  Within thirty (30) days following receipt of 
Tenant's notice thereof, Landlord shall, at its option, either
rescind the Landlord's intention to remodel in a manner that would
change the dimensions or reduce the size of the Premises (in which
event Tenant's termination notice is of no effect and this Lease
shall continue) or shall agree to relocation of the Tenant pursuant
to Section 1.2 hereof In the event of any remodeling pursuant to
this Section 1.3, Landlord shall repair any damage to the Premises
caused thereby.  In connection with any such remodeling, or any
relocation pursuant to Section 1.2, Landlord may require Tenant to
cease conducting business from the Premises for a period not in
excess of thirty (30) days.  The rent payable hereunder shall be
abated during any such period that Landlord requires Tenant to
cease conducting business and Tenant shall be entitled to a 
reduction in rent in an amount equal to that proportion of the
Guaranteed Minimum Rent (as hereinafter defined) which the number
of square feet taken away in the remodeling bears to the original
number of square feet of the Premises.

	1.4 Landlord shall only be obligated to provide the Premises
to Tenant in a completely undecorated condition with bare walls and
floors, electrical service to a panel, exterior door (either to the
exterior of the building or to a public corridor, as indicated on
Exhibit "A" hereto) and store front.  Tenant shall be responsible,
at its sole cost, for decorating, fixturizing, and equipping the
interior of the Premises, including, but not limited to, floor and
wall coverings, duct work for distribution of air conditioning and
heating within the Premises, electrical wiring from the panel
indicated above, furnishings, decorations, light fixtures and
interior doors. Tenant will furnish, equip, and decorate the
Premises with all new and modern equipment and agrees that the
proposed furnishings, fixtures, floor and wall covering, decor,
architectural layout and color scheme for the Premises shall be
subject to the prior written approval of the Landlord and in



                              2
