personal property, consensual security interests for lines of 
credit or inventory financing in the ordinary course of Tenant's
business), tax lien or levy, mechanic's lien, attachment,
garnishment or encumbrance arising directly or indirectly from any
obligation, action or inaction of Tenant whatsoever.

	12.2 Tenant shall give Landlord at least ten (10) business
days' prior written notice before the commencement of any work,
construction, alteration or repair on the Premises to afford
Landlord the opportunity to file appropriate notices of
nonresponsibility.

                          SECTION 13.
                             INSURANCE

	13.1 Tenant shall, at all times during the term hereof, at its
sole cost and expense, maintain in full force and effect a policy
of broad form comprehensive public liability insurance issued by an
insurance carrier approved by Landlord, insuring against loss,
damage or liability for injury or death to persons and loss or
damage to property occurring from any cause whatsoever in
connection with the Premises or Tenant's use thereof.  Such
liability insurance shall be in an amount of not less than FIVE
MILLION DOLLARS ($5,000,000.00). Landlord shall be named as an
additional insured under each such policy of insurance.

	13.2 Tenant shall, at all times during the term hereof, at its
sole cost and expense, maintain in full force and effect a standard
form of fire with extended coverage insurance covering Landlord's
and Tenant's respective property, and the personal property of
others in Tenant's possession in, upon or about the Premises.  Such
insurance shall be in an amount equal to the current replacement
value of the property required to be insured. Tenant and Landlord,
as their interests may appear, shall be the named insureds under
each such policy of insurance.

	13.3 A certificate issued by the insurance carrier for each
policy of insurance required to be maintained by Tenant hereunder,
together with a copy of each such policy, shall be delivered to
Landlord on or before the Commencement Date and thereafter, as to 
policy renewals, within thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of
the terms of each such policy. Each of said certificates of
insurance and each such policy of insurance shall be from an
insurer and in a form and substance satisfactory to Landlord, shall
expressly evidence insurance coverage as required by this Lease and
shall contain an endorsement or provision requiring not less than
thirty (30) days written notice to Landlord and all other named
insureds prior to the cancellation, diminution in the perils
insureds against, or reduction of the amount of coverage of, the
particular policy in question. In addition to the foregoing
certificates, Tenant shall at all times during the term hereof


                              15
