exercise any right or remedy consequent upon a breach hereof and no
acceptance of full or partial rent during the continuance of any
such breach (and/or the application thereof toward cure of the
earliest occurring default) shall constitute a waiver of any such
breach or of such provision.  No provision hereof to be complied
with by Lessee or Lessor, and no breach thereof, shall be waived,
terminated, altered or modified except by a written instrument
executed by Lessor and Lessee.  No waiver of any beach shall affect
or alter this Lease, but each and every provision of this Lease
shall continue in full force and effect with respect to any other
then existing or subsequent breach thereof.
 Section 18.5.  Notwithstanding Lessee's prior assignment or
transfer of this Lease, or of the leasehold created hereby, or of
any portion thereof, Lessor shall give Lessee copies of all notices
required by this Article XVIII if an Event of Default occurs unless
Lessor shall have released Lessee from any obligation arising under 
this Lease as to the portion(s) so assigned or transferred.  Lessor
may not assert any rights against Lessee in the absence of such
notice.
 Section 18.6.  Remedies Cumulative.  The remedies provided
herein may be exercised by the parties entitled thereto singly, in
combination and cumulatively.
 Section 18.7.  Amounts payable under this Lease which become
delinquent shall bear interest, from the delinquency date until
paid in full, at the prime rate of interest of the San Francisco
head office of the Bank of America in effect during the period of


DCW/C-FORM
082889/016  59
