 Section 16.2.  If, during the term hereof, fee title to less
than substantially all of the Center is condemned, and the
remaining part of the Center (after reconstruction if necessary) is
reasonably suitable for Lessee's continued occupancy for the
purposes and use for which the Demised Premises are leased, this
Lease shall terminate as to the part so taken, and the base Rent
shall be reduced in the same proportion that the total area of the
Ground has been reduced by the taking.
 Section 16.3.  Subject only to the rights of any Fee Mortgagee
(as that term is hereinafter defined) under a mortgage permitted
hereby, compensation (including damages and interest, if any)
awarded or paid upon a total or partial condemnation of the Center
shall be allocated as follows: (i) Lessor shall assign to Lessee
the portion of the award attributable to Improvements if Lessee
proceeds pursuant to Section 16.7(a) or 16.7(b);  (ii) from the
portion of the total award which is in excess of the amount
required for restoration, demolition, replacement and rebuilding of
the Improvements, Lessor shall be entitled to retain an amount
equal to the product obtained by multiplying (a) the purchase price
for the Demised Premises calculated pursuant to section 26.2(b)
hereof as of the date of the taking by (b) the ratio (expressed as
a percentage) of the area of the Ground taken to the total area of
the Ground.  Lessor shall then promptly pay to Lessee any balance
of the award.  Lessee shall have the right to claim and recover
from the condemning authority, but not from Lessor, such
compensation as may be separately awarded or recoverable by the


DCW/C-FORM
082889/016  36
