thereof, and all utilities systems, landscaping, paving,
loading areas, pedestrian and vehicular access ways,
fixtures, plants, apparatus, appliances, furnaces,
boilers, machinery, engines, motors, compressors,
dynamos, elevators, fittings, piping, connections,
conduits, ducts, equipments, partitions, furnishings and
personal property of every kind and description now or
hereafter affixed or attached or adjacent or subjacent to
any such building, structure or improvement now or
hereafter used or procured for use in connection with the
heating, cooling, lighting, plumbing, ventilating, air
conditioning, refrigeration, cleaning or general
operation of any such building, structure or improvement,
together with any and all renewals and replacements of,
additions to and substitutes for any such building,
structure or improvement or any of the above referred to
property made by Lessee, being hereinafter sometimes
collectively called the "Improvements", that is, all but
the Ground itself);
 (b)  any fixtures or articles of personal property,
irrespective of whether owned by Lessee or others, which
are located in, upon, or about the Improvements, and
whether or not attached or affixed thereto; and
 (c)  the interest of Lessee, as lessor, in and to
all present and future subleases of space in the
Improvements;


DCW/C-FORM
082889/016  3
