any sprinkler system.  There shall also be included the cost of
leasing and operating any signs, the cost of personnel to implement
any service described above, to direct traffic and to police the
common areas, an administrative fee equal to fifteen percent (15%)
of the total cost of other Parcel's Operating Cost and management
fees.  There shall also be included in Parcel's Operating Cost any
interest on Landlord's  permanent financing in excess of
percent ( %) per annum, the rate upon which the basic rent was
calculated.
 10.02.3.  The additional rent provided to be paid in this
Section 10 shall be estimated by Landlord and such estimate shall
be paid in advance by Tenant on the first day of each month without
further demand or any deduction or set off whatever.  Such
additional rent shall be held by Landlord for the payment of the
Parcel's Operating Cost.  Landlord shall ascertain the actual
Parcel's Operating Cost for each period of three (3) consecutive
calendar months except that the first such period may be of greater
or lesser duration, commencing and ending on such dates as may be
designated by Landlord.  Tenant shall pay to Landlord on demand the
amount, if any, equal to the difference between Tenant's
proportionate share of the actual Parcel's Operating Cost and
estimated Parcel's Operating Cost for such three (3) month period.
The balance, if any, of estimated Parcel's Operating Cost remaining
after the payment of the actual Parcel's Operating Cost shall be
held by Landlord and applied to the next monthly payment of


Forms D-4
120685-1
26
