mortgagor, within thirty (30) days after the date when any
Imposition would become delinquent, official receipts of the 
appropriate taxing authority, or other proof satisfactory to Lessor
or such mortgagee, evidencing the payment thereof or a decision to
proceed diligently under Section 3.4.
 Section 3.4.  Lessee shall have the right to contest the
amount or validity, in whole or in part, of any Imposition by
appropriate proceedings diligently conducted in good faith, but
only after payment of such Imposition or bonding of said payment;
provided, however, that Lessee must in any event pay an such
Imposition prior to any sale of the Center or any part thereof for
nonpayment.  Upon commencing the contest of an Imposition, Lessee
shall notify Lessor of the nature of the contest and of the amount
in issue.
 Either Lessor or Lessee may, if it shall so desire, but at its
sole expense, endeavor at any time or times to obtain a lowering of
the assessed validation upon the Demised Premises and the
Improvements, or any part thereof (provided Lessor shall not seek
such a lowering with respect to the Improvements without first
obtaining Lessee's written consent, which Lessee may grant or
withhold in Lessee's written consent, which Lessee may grant or
withhold in Lessee's absolute discretion) for the purpose of
reducing taxes thereon, and in such event, the other party will
cooperate in effecting such reduction, provided Lessor shall not be
obligated to expend any money or provide any monies in so
cooperating unless Lessor has initiated the proceedings.


DCW/C-FORM
082889/016  11
