condemned or taken by a competent authority for any public or quasi
public purpose, all awards payable on account of such condemnation
and taking shall be payable to Landlord, and Tenant hereby waives
any and all interest therein. For the purposes of this Section 17
a deed granted in lieu of condemnation shall be deemed a taking.
	If the whole of the Leased Property be condemned or
taken, then this Lease shall terminate upon such taking.  If only
part of the Leased Property is so taken and if the remaining
portion thereof will not be reasonably adequate for the operation
of Tenant's business after Landlord completes such repairs or
alterations as Landlord elects to make and Tenant completes such
repairs as it is required to make, either Landlord or Tenant shall
have the option to terminate this Lease as of said taking by
notifying the other party here to of such election in writing
within twenty (20) days after such taking.  In no event shall a 
taking terminate this Lease without such notification.  If such
partial taking does not terminate this Lease, this Lease shall
continue in full force and effect, but the rent provided for in
Section 3 hereof shall be reduced by an amount equal to that
proportion of such basic rent which the leasable floor space of the 
portion taken bears to the total leasable floor space of the Leased
Property.  In the event a partial taking does not terminate this
Lease, Tenant, at Tenant's expense, shall make repairs and
restorations to the remaining premises of the nature of Tenant's
work required by Exhibit C and shall also repair or replace its
fixtures, furniture, furnishings, floor coverings and equipment and



Forms D-8
021187-1                       34
