all costs, expenses and reasonable attorney's fees that may be
incurred or paid by Landlord in processing, documenting or
administering any request of Tenant for Landlord's consent required
pursuant to this Section.  If this Lease be assigned, or if the
Leased Property or any part thereof be sublet or occupied by
anybody other than Tenant, Landlord may collect rent from the
assignee, subtenant or occupant, and apply the net amount collected
to the rent herein reserved, but no such assignment, subletting,
occupancy or collection shall be deemed a waiver of this covenant,
or the acceptance of the assignee, subtenant or occupant as tenant,
or a release of Tenant from the further performance by Tenant of
covenants on the part of Tenant herein contained.  If Tenant is a
corporation or a partnership the issuance of any additional stock
and/or the transfer, assignment or hypothecation of any stock or
interest in such corporation or partnership in the aggregate in
excess of twenty-five percent (25%) of such interests, as the same
may be constituted as of the date of this Lease, shall be deemed an
assignment within the meaning of this Section 17.
 17.02.  In the absence of an express agreement in writing to
the contrary, executed by Landlord, no assignment, mortgage,
pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, subletting or license hereof or
hereunder shall act as a release of Tenant from any of the
provisions, covenants and conditions of this Lease on the part of
Tenant to be kept and performed.
 17.03.  The voluntary or other surrender of this Lease by
Tenant, or a mutual cancellation hereof, or the termination of this


C-FORMS/D-1
091289  34
