such repairs or perform such maintenance and to deduct the cost and
expenses thereof from the rent payable hereunder; provided,
however, that the amount of such deduction not exceed the
reasonable value of such repairs or maintenance.  Landlord shall
not be liable for any loss or damage to persons or property
sustained by Tenant or other persons, which may be caused by the
Hotel or the Leased Property, or any appurtenances thereto, being
out of repair or by bursting or leakage of any water, gas, sewer or
steam pipe, or by theft, or by any act or neglect of any tenant or
occupant of the Hotel, or of any other person, or by any other
cause of whatsoever nature.  

SECTION 13

Insurance

 13.01.  Tenant shall, at all times during the term hereof, at
its sole cost and expense, procure and maintain in full force and
effect a policy or policies of comprehensive public liability
insurance issued by an insurance carrier approved by Landlord
assuring against loss, damage or liability for injury or death to
persons and loss or damage to property occurring from any cause
whatsoever in connection with the Leased Property or Tenant's use
thereof.  Such liability insurance shall be a single limits policy
in an amount of not less than One Million ($1,000,000.00) Dollars.
Tenant and Landlord shall be named as assureds (and at Landlord's
option, any other persons, firms or corporations designated by
Landlord shall be additionally named assureds) under each such
policy of insurance.


C-FORMS/D-1
091289  27
